Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers. A peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked. If Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers, Where's the peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked?

I saw Susie sitting in a shoe shine shop. Where she sits she shines, and where she shines she sits.

How many boards Could the Mongols hoard If the Mongol hordes got bored?

How can a clam cram in a clean cream can?

Send toast to ten tense stout saints' ten tall tents.

Denise sees the fleece, Denise sees the fleas. At least Denise could sneeze and feed and freeze the fleas.

Coy knows pseudonoise codes.

Sheena leads, Sheila needs.

The thirty-three thieves thought that they thrilled the throne throughout Thursday.

Something in a thirty-acre thermal thicket of thorns and thistles thumped and thundered threatening the three-D thoughts of Matthew the thug - although, theatrically, it was only the thirteen-thousand thistles and thorns through the underneath of his thigh that the thirty year old thug thought of that morning.

Can you can a can as a canner can can a can?

Seth at Sainsbury's sells thick socks.

You cuss, I cuss, we all cuss, for asparagus!

Roberta ran rings around the Roman ruins.

Clean clams crammed in clean cans.

Six sick hicks nick six slick bricks with picks and sticks.

I wish to wish the wish you wish to wish, but if you wish the wish the witch wishes, I won't wish the wish you wish to wish.

Stupid superstition!

There was a fisherman named Fisher who fished for some fish in a fissure. Till a fish with a grin, pulled the fisherman in. Now they're fishing the fissure for Fisher.

To sit in solemn silence in a dull, dark dock, In a pestilential prison, with a life-long lock, Awaiting the sensation of a short, sharp shock, From a cheap and chippy chopper on a big black block! To sit in solemn silence in a dull, dark dock, In a pestilential prison, with a life-long lock, Awaiting the sensation of a short, sharp shock, From a cheap and chippy chopper on a big black block! A dull, dark dock, a life-long lock, A short, sharp shock, a big black block! To sit in solemn silence in a pestilential prison, And awaiting the sensation From a cheap and chippy chopper on a big black block!

Picky people pick Peter Pan Peanut-Butter, 'tis the peanut-butter picky people pick.

If Stu chews shoes, should Stu choose the shoes he chews?

Luke Luck likes lakes. Luke's duck likes lakes. Luke Luck licks lakes. Luck's duck licks lakes. Duck takes licks in lakes Luke Luck likes. Luke Luck takes licks in lakes duck likes.

Seventy seven benevolent elephants

There those thousand thinkers were thinking how did the other three thieves go through.

Santa's Short Suit Shrunk  

I was born on a pirate ship

I scream, you scream, we all scream for icecream!

Wayne went to Wales to watch walruses.
